# Configuration

ùThe Map Template can be configured through a wide range of properties which ensures that the final version of the map will fit your user's needs.

## Supported properties on the MapsIndoors Map component[​](https://docs.mapsindoors.com/web-map-template#supported-properties-on-the-mapsindoors-map-component) <a href="#supported-properties-on-the-mapsindoors-map-component" id="supported-properties-on-the-mapsindoors-map-component"></a>

The MapsIndoors Map component supports a list of props (see the list below) that can be configured in the `App.jsx` file.

When loading the MapsIndoors Map component for the first time, the map will respect the default values set for the `apiKey`, `venue`, `logo` and `primaryColor` props, which can be found in the `MapsIndoorsMap.jsx` file under the `defaultProps` object.

Note that when using the React component, the properties should conform to JSX prop naming, eg. `api-key` becomes `apiKey`.



<table><thead><tr><th width="176">Attribute</th><th width="178.33333333333331">React prop name</th><th width="127">Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>api-key</td><td><code>apiKey</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The MapsIndoors Solution you want to load. Takes both API key as string and "App alias".</td></tr><tr><td>gm-api-key</td><td><code>gmApiKey</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>Your Google Maps API key.</td></tr><tr><td>mapbox-access-token</td><td><code>mapboxAccessToken</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>Your Mapbox Access Token. Setting it will load a Mapbox map. If you set both a Mapbox Access Token and Google Maps API key, the Mapbox Access Token takes precedence.</td></tr><tr><td>venue</td><td><code>venue</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The Venue to load from your MapsIndoors Solution.</td></tr><tr><td>location-id</td><td><code>locationId</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>Set a MapsIndoors Location ID to show it on the map and its details in the sheet.</td></tr><tr><td>primary-color</td><td><code>primaryColor</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The primary color to use throughout the app.</td></tr><tr><td>logo</td><td><code>logo</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The logo to show during initial load.</td></tr><tr><td>app-user-roles</td><td><code>appUserRoles</code></td><td><code>array</code></td><td>A list of App User Roles to apply when loading data. Used like so: <code>appUserRoles={["App User Role"]}</code></td></tr><tr><td>directions-from</td><td><code>directionsFrom</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>Set a MapsIndoors Location ID or the string <code>USER_POSITION</code> to be used as origin to instantly show directions.</td></tr><tr><td>directions-to</td><td><code>directionsTo</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td><p>Set a MapsIndoors Location ID or the string</p><p><code>USER_POSITION</code> to be used as destination to instantly show directions.</p></td></tr><tr><td>external-IDs</td><td><code>externalIDs</code></td><td><code>array</code></td><td>Array of external IDs which filters the map and shows a list of locations. Because of the way browsers work, you cannot use External IDs with the <code>,</code>, <code>&#x26;</code> , <code>#</code> and <code>+</code> characters in them, as they are interpreted by the browser in a particular way.</td></tr><tr><td>tile-style</td><td><code>tileStyle</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>Name of Tile Style to display on the map</td></tr><tr><td>start-zoom-level</td><td><code>startZoomLevel</code></td><td><code>number</code></td><td>The initial zoom level of the map</td></tr><tr><td>supports-url-parameters</td><td><code>supportsUrlParameters</code></td><td><code>bool</code></td><td>Indicates if the Map Template supports URL parameters.</td></tr><tr><td>gm-map-id</td><td><code>gmMapId</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The Google Maps Map ID associated with a specific map style or feature.</td></tr><tr><td>pitch</td><td><code>pitch</code></td><td><code>number</code></td><td>The pitch (Mapbox) or tilt (Google) value of the map. The value of the pitch can be between 0-85 degrees on a Mapbox map.</td></tr><tr><td>bearing</td><td><code>bearing</code></td><td><code>number</code></td><td>The bearing (Mapbox) or heading (Google) value of the map. It accepts any value, and will modify it to fit into the range [0, 360].</td></tr><tr><td>language</td><td><code>language</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The language to show textual content in. Supported values are "en" for English, "da" for Danish, "de" for German , "fr" for French, "it" for Italian, "nl" for Dutch and "es" for Spanish. If the prop is not set, the language of the browser will be used (if it is one of the supported languages - otherwise it will default to English).</td></tr><tr><td>kiosk-origin-location-id</td><td><code>kioskOriginLocationId</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td> If running the Map Template as a Kiosk, provide the Location ID that represents the location of the Kiosk.</td></tr><tr><td>timeout</td><td><code>timeout</code></td><td><code>number</code></td><td> If you want the Map Template to reset the map position and the UI elements to the initial state after some time of inactivity, use this to specify the number of seconds of inactivity before resetting. This property is not dependent on the <code>kioskOriginLocationId</code>.</td></tr><tr><td>use-keyboard</td><td><code>useKeyboard</code></td><td><code>bool</code></td><td>If running the Map Template as a Kiosk, set this prop to <code>true</code> and it will prompt a virtual keyboard. This property is dependent on the <code>kioskOriginLocationId</code>.</td></tr><tr><td>mi-transition-level</td><td><code>miTransitionLevel</code></td><td><code>number</code></td><td>The level on which to transition from Mapbox to MapsIndoors data. Default value it 17. This feature is only available for Mapbox.</td></tr><tr><td>category</td><td><code>category</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>If you want to indicate an active category on the map. The value should be the Key (Administrative ID).</td></tr><tr><td>search-all-venues</td><td><code>searchAllVenues</code></td><td><code>bool</code></td><td>If you want to perform search across all venues in the solution. The standard behaviour is searching in one venue.</td></tr><tr><td>use-map-provider-module</td><td> <code>useMapProviderModule</code></td><td> <code>bool</code></td><td>Set to true if the Map Template should take MapsIndoors solution modules into consideration when determining what map type to use.Determining the map type to show</td></tr><tr><td>hide-non-matches</td><td>  <code>hideNonMatches</code></td><td><code>bool</code></td><td>Determine whether the locations on the map should be filtered (only show the matched locations and hide the rest) or highlighted (show all locations and highlight the matched ones with a red dot by default). If set to true, the locations will be filtered.</td></tr><tr><td>show-road-names</td><td>  <code>showRoadNames</code></td><td><code>bool</code></td><td>A boolean parameter that dictates whether Mapbox road names should be shown. By default, Mapbox road names are hidden when MapsIndoors data is shown. It is dictated by <code>mi-transition-level</code> which default value is 17.</td></tr><tr><td>show-external-ids</td><td><code>showExternalIDs</code></td><td><code>bool</code></td><td>Determine whether the Location details should show the external ID or not. The default value is set to false.</td></tr><tr><td>search-external-locations</td><td><code>searchExternalLocations</code></td><td><code>bool</code></td><td>If you want to perform search for external locations in the Wayfinding mode. If set to true, Mapbox/Google places will be displayed depending on the Map Provider you are using. If set to false, the results returned will only be MapsIndoors results. The default is true.</td></tr><tr><td>center</td><td><code>center</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>Specifies the coordinates where the map should load, represented as latitude and longitude values separated by a comma. If the specified coordinates intersect with a Venue, that Venue will be set as the current Venue.</td></tr><tr><td>use-app-title</td><td><code>useAppTitle</code></td><td><code>bool</code></td><td>Specifies if the Map Template should set the document title as defined in the App Config. The default value is set to false.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Determining the map type to show

You have many ways to set Mapbox Access Tokens and Google Maps API keys in order to show your preferred map:

* As a query parameter in the URL if you use the `supportsUrlParameters` property
* As an attribute of the component
* In the MapsIndoors App Config object

A query parameter will have precedence over component property, which again will have precedence over the App Config.

You also have the option to use a `useMapProviderModule` query parameter or property, which will instruct the Map Template to take the MapsIndoors Solution module `Mapbox` into consideration when determining which map type to show.

Here is an overview of which map will be shown based on those different options:

<table><thead><tr><th width="158">useMapProviderModule</th><th>Mapbox module</th><th width="129">Mapbox access token available</th><th>Google Maps API Key available</th><th>Map shown</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>✅</td><td>✅</td><td>✅</td><td>✅</td><td>Mapbox</td></tr><tr><td>✅</td><td>✅</td><td>✅</td><td>❌</td><td>Mapbox</td></tr><tr><td>✅</td><td>✅</td><td>❌</td><td>✅</td><td>No map shown</td></tr><tr><td>✅</td><td>✅</td><td>❌</td><td>❌</td><td>No map shown</td></tr><tr><td>✅</td><td>❌</td><td>✅</td><td>✅</td><td>Google Maps</td></tr><tr><td>✅</td><td>❌</td><td>✅</td><td>❌</td><td>No map shown</td></tr><tr><td>✅</td><td>❌</td><td>❌</td><td>✅</td><td>Google Maps</td></tr><tr><td>✅</td><td>❌</td><td>❌</td><td>❌</td><td>No map shown</td></tr><tr><td>❌</td><td>✅</td><td>✅</td><td>✅</td><td>Mapbox</td></tr><tr><td>❌</td><td>✅</td><td>✅</td><td>❌</td><td>Mapbox</td></tr><tr><td>❌</td><td>✅</td><td>❌</td><td>✅</td><td>Google Maps</td></tr><tr><td>❌</td><td>✅</td><td>❌</td><td>❌</td><td>Google Maps</td></tr><tr><td>❌</td><td>❌</td><td>✅</td><td>✅</td><td>Mapbox</td></tr><tr><td>❌</td><td>❌</td><td>✅</td><td>❌</td><td>Mapbox</td></tr><tr><td>❌</td><td>❌</td><td>❌</td><td>✅</td><td>Google Maps</td></tr><tr><td>❌</td><td>❌</td><td>❌</td><td>❌</td><td>Google Maps</td></tr></tbody></table>

